Hahaha
Hahah
I don't remember anything from that song.
I don't remember anything
Hahah
so
Walk to Moose. Walk to Moose.
Yeah, it's from- it's from my old district.
Nuh uh..
Romeo and Juliet
It was like, it's like it's what you expect, to be honest.
Uhhhmmmmm...
Wait, there's...oh. 7th grade is...the giver.
Right? 8th grade is the year-
Four books? Animal Fox?
I- I liked it.
The old one?
she'll die. She died.
(***)
Have any contributions to this discussion?
Haahaahaa..
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I really liked , I ..I liked-. I liked it. I don't remember much.
Hahaha...
Haahaa
Hahah
What?
I never went to...
Uhhhhhhh.....
I know one . I (***) in the shower
It was about an hour in the shower
And we never freaking finished it. We never finished it.
It was so good.
That's true. Oh, I don't know. No, it's like they're great.
She was reading it to us. She was like, oh, that was so good.
And she was like, oh, we don't have any time this year.
Hahaha...This is dumb!
Thank you. Thank you.
I tried.
No, it- It was like hard to understand
No, it's like
It was a Tesseract 4D.
Not because there's a woman.
What woman?
Okay, wait
Like, what books even have open SME kits?
No, I'm just wondering. Island of the Blue Dolphins.
It's really fun. What else? Can you name some for me?